[BrokenLinksH2] Fix path in link (#642)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/animations/Fade.md

## Sample Project

> [Fade Behavior Sample Page Source](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.1.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/FadeHeader). You can [see this in action](uwpct://Animations?sample=Fade) in the [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fade Behavior Sample Page Source](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/Animations/Effects). You can [see this in action](uwpct://Animations?sample=Fade) in the [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).
```
Fade moved here (that's a different Fade 🙂)

## API

> - [Fade source code](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.1.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Media/Visuals)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fade source code](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Animations/Xaml/Default/OpacityAnimation.cs)
```
